Arrive 0730.

105451 - Researched cost of Pre Fab Pipe from Diamond B; sent bids to John Andres.

106726 - Prepared 4WLA for team meeting. Reviewed format with Brent. Settled on a "mid-level" of detail. Sent out email to discipline trackers reminding them that it is a statusing week and containing a link to the schedule update workbook.

Attended weekly team meeting and subsequent Change Notice meeting.

New team members: Renta (HVAC), Kent (Process), Sean Rodriqueze(Structural)

Caelus has assigned a project number for all currently active projects: 31500

VFDs will be medium voltage units. These have advantages wrt supporting infrastucture: We can eliminate the VFD Transformer Platform (N1-E07.) However, depending on the chosen vendor, we may need (2) VFD modules. This also enables a change from 480 V switchgear to medium voltage MCCs.

N2 system will be relocated from the Control Room to another module (possibly the Chemical Injection Module.)

Upcoming meetings:
        7/9 - Confirm electrical interface
        7/9 - Turck Cable applications
        7/14 - Procurement Responsibility Matrix
        7/14 - Fabrication Specification Review
        7/26 - Quyen Kay and Dave Hart at Anvil Bellingham

Change Management:
        Revising distance between pipe rack frames for increased clearance
        Incomplete FEED Package from Nana Worley Parsons

Other Comments:
        Richard Martinez expressed that it is only this week that there will finally be (2) full-time Control Systems Designers on the project. He expects schedule dates to slip due to manpower shortages.

Change Management Meeting:
        There are two potential CNs brewing:
                1. Pipe Rack Design Options Study
                        To include costs of revising the pipe rack frames for clearance.
                2. Incomplete FEED Package from NWP
                        This is not intended to capture ALL of the P3 hours.
                        Disciplines should focus on identifying efforts needed to finish the incomplete NWP model
                        Brent wants to collect input from the disciplines and discuss with Caelus next week before opening the CN

Out at 1645 (feeling like crap.)
