Arrive 0730.

Per Justin, no actions from yesterday's team meeting. #106726

Completed schedule update from Schedule Update Workbook. #106726

Discussed how to handle "unnecessary" activities in the schedule. For example, No Flexibility Calcs needed in VFD Module. He is of the opinion that we should just carry the activity and complete it as scheduled; the resource amounts a too small to get concerned over. #106726

Contacted WSU to confirm that Collin is all paid up for the semester. Confirmed by Financial Services office. #WSU #Collin

Anna has received some guidance from Don Reddick wrt Module Procurement schedule. She is reworking the template to incorporate this guidance. #106726

Attended weekly Caelus coordination meeting. #106726
        * [X] Get a Critical Path Summary to Brent ASAP fof the Monthly report.
        * Anna to work with Mike Dyer to get more completion on PSR. Dyer to provide lead times in absence of input from disciplines.
        * There is to be a default PMAC charge for use on future CNs.
        * Anna reports that Mirek expects the Generic Module Base Package to release 9/10. (Updated Schedule to reflect this new date.

Out at 1730.
