Arrive 0730.

Closed 106211 P4 and opened P5 per Hav direction.

Approved and published 107162 CN1 per Howard direction.

Met with GEoff, Paul and Justin to discuss schedule template issues/development.
	Notes/Actions:
		Tighten up network; reduce open ends.
		Replace lags with durations.
		Consolidate duplicate activities in a manner that best supports interactive planning process.
		OK to separate Permitting as it is rarely used.
		Need input from Shell on WBS structure.
		OK to consolidate MM and OV activities
		Geoff wishes to drive toward Interactive Planning. OK to step into this at will.
		Add schedule review activities; internal and with client.
		Send Geoff a link to a sample schedule basis. Start considering implementing this; need to discuss with Shell.
		Geoff would like to reduce the "chaos" that happens at the end of a Phase.
		Geoff to mull over a "deliverable-centric" WBS vs. a "discipline-centric model. Paul to prepare a What If to illustrate
		Consolidate stray Procurement activities into the Procurement section.
		Incorporate Derek's comments into the Procurement section.
		Re-visit the logic between the Estimate and the APP. Should be less than week duration.

Prepared KPI report and submitted to Geoff for review.

Incorporated Geoff's comments into the KPI report.

Processed new PO for 105478.

Prepared Estimate Accrual report.

Attended Project Controls Department Safety Meeting.

Issued internal and external weekly reports.

Began entering PC hours into PSE ofr 107554. Looked at Caimen's PC Estimator workbook as use don BP. More info needed.

Out at 1700.
