Arrive 0745.

Approved Paul's timesheet.

Updated Progress Tracking for Cost Engineer.

Conference call with Pete Allred and John Stiles:
	Monthly IFC Report:
		Send by COB Friday after First Monday(data date.)
		Distro:
			Akiaten, Gene; 
			Allred, Pete P SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Baker, Sheri M SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Berhow, Diane C SOPUS-DMW/452; 
			Calkins, Stephanie DA SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Du Vall, Ben D SOPUS-DMW/452; 
			Finfrock, Anthony J SOPUS-DMW/465; 
			Calabretta, Francesco SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Forney, Gregg SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Gross, Matt SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Hodgin, Tye B SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Holien, Jim D.; 
			Kirby, Jennifer J SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Kotadia, Hanif; 
			Latimer, John A SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Luciano, Joe N SOPUS-DMW/42; 
			Boger, Mark SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Miner, Larry A SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Newbry, Burt C SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Pauly, Thomas SOPUS-DMW/4; 
			Stiles, John SOPUS-DMW/424; 
			Wehrhahn, Evie M SOPUS-DMW/465
			Tom Lacroix
	12 week Look ahead
		Send weekly on Tuesdays
		Same distro as IFC Report
		Should show: IFAs, Model Review, Estimates

	John Stiles will be tied up workong on resource loaded cosntruction schedule for Burt Newbry.
	107164 - Clay Treaters Project
		Shell not ready for Anvil to use Shell P6 environment for 107164. Anvile to use our own P6 environment per usual.
		Shell still wants to do an interactive; will be Shell-led on site sometime the week of 11/2.
		Pete out in HOU this week.
		
Priced PSE for 107164 and uploaded to TIC Estimating tool with Caimen's assistance.

Out at 1630.
