Arrive 0730.  

Had new headshot taken by Erica Nelson.  

Reviewed roster vs. employees charging and sent out emails for NDS-1.

Requested background info from Heather on BRPC Mustang. (Received, reviewed and incorporated into BRPC Mustang Wiki.)

Questions for BRPC Mustang Meeting:
	* What is the basis for our estimate?
	* What schedule constraints have been identified?
	* Are there any BRPC Reporting requirements?

Prepared Outstanding MR Report for Anna.

Attended BRPC Mustang Conference Call (Justin, Mike, Heather)
	* Estimate assumptions are being documented in the PSE Assumptions tool.
	* Some discussion around whether or not DA is doing vendor drawing reviews; needs closure.
	* BRPC is signalling shipment of Power Gen module to the slope in October/November time frame.
	* BRPC is requesting VSM locations, sizes, etc. ASAP to support VSM installation in April.
	* We are not re-purposing Caelus Structural resources onto BRPC. Not sure of reason. This is a point of concern as familiarity with the Caelus design may be lost.
	* PMAC budget guesstimates
		* Project Controller/Scheduler - ~65 hours/week combined.
		* Project Assistant - ~ 15 hours/week
		* Doc control - TBD.
	* Justin guesstimating project at 15-20,000 hours. Mike Moora was thinking 20,000.

Per Anna, expect some Structural hours charged against HVAC. Structural will be back-charging HVAC for rework.

Still trying to understand interplay between EHTC Forecasting, EHTC and EAC. Haven't gotten the numbers to line up just yet.

Out at 1650.

