Arrive 0745.

Per Ron Otero, entered Process Engineer elements for 107315.417 CN26 as follows:
	4 hours Coordination with AES
	2 hours MoC Meetings
	4 hours P&ID Change Coordination
	6 hours Qty 2 Process Data Sheets

Criag Wilson requested additiona of EAC to Burn Up chart and Table for BRPC jobs. Made modifictions to 107315 burn up and sent to Craig as a sample.

Priced and prepped 107278 CN3.

Received request from Bryan Olson to open 107315.415 for charges this week. Called to get details. EquipE spent hours answering questions from AES regarding the compressor requirement for the TG and PipeE to revise MRs. Advised Ron of request (cc Michelutti and Wilson.) Ron will talk to Bryan.

Priced CNs for 07315, 107384 and 107386. Sent summaries to Ron Otero for review.

Received narrative from Tiffany Stonke and assembled client cost report. Emailed to distro (cc: Michelutti and Wilson.)

Checked Xfinity balance online and still not refelecting credit for Early Term Fee.

Chat with Xfinity:
	user JOHN has entered room

	analyst Beverly has entered room

	Beverly: Hello JOHN_, Thank you for contacting Comcast Live Chat Support. My name is Beverly. Please give me one moment to review your information.

	JOHN: My Issue: My account balance does not reflect the removal of an incorrect Early Termination Fee.

	Beverly: Good day with a sweet smile! I hope you're having a great day!

	Beverly: Hi there, John!

	JOHN: Hello Beverly.

	Beverly: I understand that you want to make sure that your account will have no Early Termination fee.

	JOHN: Correct. I contact customer service on 7/12 and spoke to a CSR named Hector. He found that I had been incorrectly charged an Early Termination fee. He told me that he was submitting a request to a supervisor to have the fee removed. He told me to check my account balance in 48 hours. I just checked and the balance is the same. No sign of the credit.

	Beverly: Thanks for the info.

	Beverly: I also want to make sure that I will be correctly billed for my services, John.

	Beverly: No worries.I will be more than glad to take care of this for you.,

	JOHN: That would be great.

	Beverly: Awesome!

	Beverly: Checking from here, John, I can see that you have changed your service from HD PReferred Plus to Premier Triple Play .

	JOHN: Right, I changed my service a couple of weeks ago. I was told that I would not have an ETF because I was upgrading.

	Beverly: Thanks for the info.

	Beverly: Please give me 1-2 minutes to review this for you, John .

	Beverly: I will do my best for this,

	Beverly: While waiting, if you have further questions or inquiry with your COMCAST SERVICES please feel free to access our HELP PAGE : www.customer.comcast.com . Please use KEYWORD , TOPICS, QUESTIONS,and ERRORS like "Pay Bill" and this will give you the steps on how to do it on your end.

	JOHN: Thanks for the info.

	Beverly: You're very welcome, it's my pleasure to help!

	Beverly: I am still with you, John. Please bear with me .

	JOHN: OK.

	Beverly: Thank you.

	Beverly: By the way, how's the weather there?

	JOHN: Very nice today. How is it there? (Wherever there is.)

	Beverly: So glad to know that!

	Beverly: The weather is good as well. Thank you for asking.

	JOHN: Good to know.

	Beverly: Amazing!

	JOHN: What's amazing?

	Beverly: Amazing to know that our weathers are good.

	JOHN: OK. How's it going with getting that fee off my account?

	Beverly: By the way, John, I can see that the credit was checked by our Customer Solutions Team .

	Beverly: We are currently checking on the credit, however, just to set expectations, our access are limited and the full access come with the Customer Solutions team .

	Beverly: Good news , John!

	Beverly: I have requested for a total credit of $90.00 for the Early Termination fee has been APPROVED!

	Beverly: Rest assured that the you will definitely see the credits applied on your next bill.

	Beverly: Please be informed that your online account usually takes up to 7-10 days to be updated but what we have here on our end is the most updated one .

	Beverly: So there is nothing to worry about,

	Beverly: I see you as a valued and loyal customer and I want to make sure that you can have the best customer service ever!

	Beverly: Please take this as your Credit Approval code: gpin3082

	JOHN: Got it. What is my correct balance due?

	Beverly: You have an option to manually deduct the credit amount when you pay, however, since we cannot revise generated bills, and to avoid confusion in your next bill, the credit will cover part of your next bill charges.

	Beverly: We normally suggest to pay the actual amount of your current bill and wait for the credit to show in your next statement.

	JOHN: Will it not show on my online balance?

	Beverly: No worries, John.

	Beverly: No worries, John.

	Beverly: Please be informed that your online account usually takes up to 7-10 days to be updated but what we have here on our end is the most updated one .

	Beverly: And that shows that account has been credited of $90.00.

	Beverly: I assure you of that, 100%.

	JOHN: Thank you for your assistance.

	Beverly: You're very welcome, it's my pleasure to help!

	Beverly: Have I resolved your issue for contacting us today?

	JOHN: I'll know for sure when I see the credit on my bill.  Yes, you have been very helpful.

	Beverly: That is great!

	Beverly: For a short recap you contacted COMCAST for the Early termination fee credit and, we successfully resolved your issue by requesting for the credit to be applied and was APPROVED for full $90.00 with approval code gpin3082.

	Beverly: So happy I could help. How else can I be of service to you today?

	JOHN: I think that's all.

	Beverly: Much appreciated, thank you so much.

Unlocked 107315 CN26 for Julian to enter his hours.

Out at 1715.
