Arrive 0800.

Placed order for mom's weekend swag. collegehillthreads.com\collections\wsu\sigma-pi

Discussed with Justin how to setup RFS for Mod 65 PSE. Concluded best to setup as a SJ under P2 for the PSE dev effort. Requested Erik Hellsund to set it up.

Expressed satisfaction with Chris Higgins' effort sto come up to spee don Cost Engineering work. Sent an atta-boy to Chris as well.

Attended Caelus Coordination Conference Call.
	Quyen's bass has approved funding to complete engineering. Still need documentation.
	Look at re-planning burndown curves.
	No OT on NDS-1.
	No OT on OTPES after WE 4/3.
	Brent to be OOO 4/3. Need to get report complete by 4/2.
	Mike Dyer disengaging from project. Kent Charette is primary for PROC.
	Think about what to issue in lieu of S-curves with monthly report.
	
Discussed with Heather and Chris strategy for seed funding wrt to charging time. Seed funding for development of the electrical module PSE will go against P2-220. Discipline swill charge time for PSE prep to P2-220. PSE elements will be in P4-420. Need to confirm that all funding documents (3) are properly established in IPCS tools. (Heather sees only 2 of the three.)

Worked on burn-up workbook for tracking.

Out at 1630.
