Arrive 0930.

Entered PMAC hours for CN1 and 2 into PSE. Discussed with Heather. Would like to get to .5 FTE each for PC and PC. Mike Moora also indicated that he would be pursuing a CN for detailed schedule development. Duration for CN2 is TBD; so final PMAC hours are flexible.

Requested and received BRPC billing rates from Werner Plagge. Agreed to keep them confidential.

Transferred 4 hours of Jeff Carleton's time for WE 3/20 from P4-415 to P2-200.

BRPC CN2 - Per Chris, Heather is indicating an 18 week duration. PMAC estimate spread over 18 weeks = ~7 hours/week each for Cost Engineer and Scheduler. Seems about right. Would give us ~14 hours/week for the first several weeks to get things dialed in, then drops to 7 hours/week when we get into "maintenance" mode.

Loaded Piping Engineer hours into PSE for CN1 per direction from Bryan Olson. Sent and 001 report for review/confirmation.

Discussed with Dan Lewis the challenges of BRPC reporting Each BRPC job has a different rate table. Also, when new employees are added, they are not categorized until the end of the month when invoices are prepared. Werner Plagge makes the category determination.

Attende dModule 63 Kickoff meeting.
	Procurement Issues
		BIG PROBLEMS HERE
			Lack of Transparency - MANY ISSUES - See Comp Book Notes
	PMAC Reporting:
		Start with weekly cost and scheudle/progress updates.
			Cynthia understands that this will burn available budget early; will entertain additional hours when needed.
		Go to L3 schedule with addition of Module 65
		Go to L4 schedule with addition of Module 05 (very likely.)
		Schedule to include critical Anvil procurement.
		Schedule updates to show 2 weeks back and 3 weeks forward.
		How to interface with AES schedule (they have the master schedule.)
			Cynthia to provide scheduling contact at AES.
