Arrive 0745.

Talked with Craig Wilson about BRPC Projects; notably Module 63 and its overrun. Advised tha twe had additional change in work to help resolve the overrun.

Caontacted Ron re need for info about HVAC change. It was to use a VFD on the exhaust fan for Mod 63. This was not a client-directed change, it was Ron's call to go for a "better" solution than a "bang-bang" fan. Dave Smith on vacation (with no delegate.) Ron suggested contacting Dave Smith for details. Per Tiffany, Dave is reachable via email. As a backup, he suggested reaching out to Phil Baker (cell: 509-768-5922). 

Opened 107278 CN5 for Non-Labor associated with VSM inspections. Nadine Janacek to populate.

Reached Dave Smith via email. HVAC effort for exhaust fan VFD changes was minimal; 2-3 hours. Per Nathan Brown, Control Systems effort associated with exhaust fan VFD change was also minimal, He estimates 4 hours for Designer and 2 hours for Engineer. This is not looking like much.

Left message for Heather to get more info on Dave Smith exhaust fan issue. Per Heather, issue was that fans other than Tri-Metal (same as Caelus) were quoted. Dan Gleason has approved use of Tri-Metal fans, so not modifications shoul dbe needed. This potential change should evaporate.

107401 CN1 - Additional PMAC for scheudle slide approved. Marked as approved and rolled into Progress Tracker. How to have it add to existing elements?

Conversation with Heather and Werner. SJ415 charge elemetns to remain closed unless approved by Werner. Reporting indicates $30k left to go, putting our EAC at $600k ($50k over funding.) This is BAD.

Going forward, Heather wants to more carefully manage disciplines. Need to report performance by discipline each week.

Out at 1715.
