Arrive 0750.

Transferred 32 hours of Bruce Raymond's time from 107407.400 to 107407.430.

Chat with BofA re Check Image Service Fee
Welcome to an online chat session at Bank of America. Please hold while we connect you to the next available Bank of America Online Banking Specialist. Your chat may be monitored and recorded for quality purposes. Your current wait time is approximately 0 minute(s). Thank you for your patience.
Chat InformationThank you for choosing Bank of America. Belinda is ready to assist you. For security purposes, please remember to close your chat window when completed.
Belinda: Hello, my name is Belinda.  Thank you for being a valuable customer of ours.
Belinda: How can I provide you with outstanding service on your personal accounts?
John Davis: I see that I was charged a Check Image Service Fee on my account. What is this fee?
Belinda: Hello John!
Belinda: I can certainly understand your concern.
Belinda: Please allow me a moment to review your account for you.
Belinda: This is the fee to return images of your cancelled checks with your statement. This fee applies to each statement cycle during which we return one or more images of your checks.
John Davis: Is this a new fee? I have never seen this before.
Belinda: This has been a fee assesses to accounts requesting images of your cancelled checks.
John Davis: I don't recall requesting images of any checks. When was the request made?
Belinda: Please allow me a moment to review your account for you.
Belinda: Thank you for holding as I continue to review your account.
Belinda: I am not able to go past 180 days with our history.  
Belinda: This could have been requested any time from when the account was opened.
John Davis: Does this fee apply to viewing check images online or with the BoFA mobile application? Or does it only apply to images included with my monthly printed statement?
Belinda: I was able to go back to a statement of August 2011 and I see we have the check image on the statement.
Belinda: You are able to see the statements and checks online but this applies to the mailed statements.
John Davis: August 2011?!? You had to go back 4 years? I thought you could only go back 180 days. In any event, why have I not seen this fee on my account until now?
Belinda: Let me clarify myself.
Belinda: You will be able to also see the check image via your online statements.
Belinda: I can only go back 180 for service request.
Belinda: I was able to review some older statements.
Belinda: I wanted to get an idea of the check image copies.
John Davis: So looking at check images online or with the mobile app is free?
Belinda: This is part of the fee. If you did not want to see the check images on the statements online or by mail copy, you are able to order check copies online.
Belinda: You will need to know the check number, the payee, the amount and the date posted.
John Davis: Sorry, I'm confused. Let me clarify. If I look at a check image online, will I be charged a fee?
Belinda: I do apologize.  
Belinda: Yes, the fee allow you to see the check image online and on your paper statements.
John Davis: Can I opt out?
Belinda: Yes, you may cancel the request.
Belinda: I can help you.
Belinda: If you do not have this service, you still have the option to request check copies when needed.  You will need to know the check number, the payee, the amount and the date posted.
John Davis: Let me ask again to make sure that I understand, please answer just yes or no. If I opt out of receiving check images in my printed statement and I look at an image of a check online, will I be charged a fee?
Belinda: No.
Belinda: Please understand, if you opt out of receiving check images on your printed statement, you will not see this image on the online statements, either.
Belinda: You will have to utilize our check copy request.
Belinda: This is a separate request you can order the check copies online if you ever need a check copy.
John Davis: Sorry, I'm confused again. When looking at my account online, not a statement online, just the list of transactions, there is a link to display the image of the check. Will clicking that link coast me a fee?
John Davis: *cost
Belinda: No, clicking this link will not cause a fee.
John Davis: OK. Here is what I would like: I would like to opt out of receiving check images with my printed statement and I would like the $3.00 fee reversed from my account. Can you do that?
Belinda: I will cancel the check image copy option for you and I will be happy to review the profile history to see if we can provide a courtesy refund.
John Davis: OK.
Belinda: I have updated the request to opt out of receiving check copy images on your statements.  
Belinda: Based on you being a valued customer and your fee refund history, I was able to provide a refund for $3.00.
John Davis: Thank you.
Belinda: You are so welcome!
Belinda: Did you have any other questions I can assist with, today?
John Davis: No, that was the only issue. I appreciate your patience with me.
Belinda: You are so welcome. It was a pleasure chatting with you today.
Belinda: We value you as a customer and appreciate your business. Thank you for banking with Bank of America.(To safeguard any personal information, click the "Close" button in the upper right corner of this chat window.)
Last text message receivedChat InformationThank you for chatting with us today. Please click on the close button above to close the chat window.

Out at 1630.
