Arrive 0730.

Aligned schedule with IPDMS. All green.

Updated PC Deck for team meeting. Outstanding period CPI of 1.53. (Partially owing to timely earning of 300 hours of PC Estimator hours.)

At Justin's request, led a conference call with Caelus ANC PC team.
	* Change notices - still a number outstanding. Discussed rolling CNs into Tracker to provide elements for disciplines to earn. Discussed that the CNs are not generally optional work so worst case they will be classified as trens and the IPCS will manage the earnings as required. Erik expressed his concern about a repeat of what happened with CN4 where a CN got rolled in too ealry and then had to be backed out.
	* Forecasts - OTPEX showing significant overrun. Much may be in Pending Changes.
	* Rates - OTPEX is coming in closer than NDS-1. Contractor OT is a  concern.
	* S-Curves - Tracking related issues continue to dog performance.
	* Schedule - OTPEX continues to hit dates. Per Chris, priorities are being shifted to meet dates. Unknown if work on later packages is being sacrificed to meet earlier dates which could just delay the problem.
	* Progress Tracking remains a challenge. Erik has met with leads repeatedly and conducted PT training sessions.
	* Procurement - POs for OTPEX are lagging. MR's are near on-plan. VDDR issues are a concern. Discussed how we have been managing these issues on NDS-1 (oversight, continuous emphasis, 1 on 1 meetings with Anna, etc.)
* Expressed desire to support OTP team as we can from here. Facilitate coordination with Procurement, etc. One team, etc.

Attended NDS-1 weekly team meeting. Most news from PC was positive. Team in good spirits.

Out at 1645.
