2016-02-08

Start 0730 - WFH. 
Approved timesheets. 
Attended meeting at SPSR to discuss small projects support. 
  Currently 13 projects in the queue (later revised to 12.) 
  2 Shell PEs; Scott Hackett and Jens Jensen. Jennifer Kirby serving as an "adviser." 
  Shell's last IPA review indicated a need for more Project Controls support on small projects. 
  There is a need to manage the small project resources better in the context of the overall resource picture. 
  Small projects team meets weekly on Wednesdays at 0930. 
  Agreed to start with scheduling and bring in estimating support later. 
  Two schedule updates per month should be adequate. OK if they are on the "off" weeks; weeks 2 and 4. 
  Important to keep things simple and lean. 
  Pete not sure about how to charge Paul's effort. Whether it be against a single "Small Project Support" charge line or spread amongst all of the small projects. Consensus was that a single charge line would be most convenient. Geoff made the point that most small projects already have their own POs, 
  When updating schedule, presumption would be a 1.0 CPI; Earned = Actual and Actual/Budget = % Complete. Would also maintain resource utliziation; 25% per week, etc. and let it drive durations. 
  Small projects are rearely schedule driven and are subject to interruption by higher priority efforts. 
  Paul will be on-site this coming Thursday, 2/11. (Possibly attend Wednesday morning meeing on 7/10.) 
  Meeting focus shifted to Schedule Integration: 
    Still have not tied schedules together with interproject (IP) links. 
    Butane By Truck project is candidate for piloting this effort. 
    John Stiles to manage the IP links. May be an IP link log to keep track and some IP link activity coding/naming schema involved. Paul and John to coordinate. 
Depart Shell at 1020; arrive Anvil 1115. 
Overheard conversation between Geoff and Francesco wrt s-curves on 107550. Upshot is that we will need to better align the P6 resource loading with the "massaged" version depicted in the s-curves. 
Out at 1630.