Arrive 0815.
Met with Paul who told me about a conversation he had with Howard wrt the scheudle development for 107986. Howard is pushing for schedule development by Monday. This is quite early relative to the current schedule. Paul explained the process and his workload indicating that he would try to support Howard's needs. Howard made statements about not needing a schedule and disagreeing with the work process. He even went so far as to say he could learn P6 and do it himself. Paul remained calm. But, this was distressing for Paul who is weary of being treated as unecessary. More to come. Bad day to be 15 minutes late.
Uploaded monthly reports to SharePoint.
Processed PO increase for 102698.304.
Met with Howard. Back in October(!) Howard had agreed with Shell to advance the Estimate dates to 19 March as a result of a reduction in project scope. He did this without revising the BL. So, we lost visibility of that commitment. Furthermore, the currect schedule shows a 26 March Schedule IFR date. After some discussion, during which Howard also recognized that the PHA date had slipped and was thus driving a 1 week slide from the 19 March date. Howard pressed that he wanted the APP and the schedule to be issued together. I noted that the APP goes IFA on the SAME day that the Estimate and Schedule go IFR; so they DO issue together.  I think the situation is defused for now.
In summary, back in October, Howard agreed to advance the Estimate and APP dates as a result of a reduction in scope to the project. This change was not captured in an updated project baseline. So, although the earlier dates were reflected in the current schedule, we lost the visibility of the variance to the BL to signal us as to what dates we were driving to. After some back and forth, Howard agreed to 26 March as the date for the APP to IFA and the Estimate and Schedule to IFR. Passed info along to Paul. Paul will begin work on the schedule in early March as soon as the disciplines complete their PSE input.
Earned out and closed 107162 per Howard.
Out at 1630.
