An open Letter to Work Group Leads from a Project Controller

As a Project Controller I make a conscious effort to minimize my requests for your time. I am not in habit of creating busy work for you or your team. When I make a request for your time, it is because I need information to address an issue. I also take time to craft my requests in a manner intended to minimize your time. The courtesy of a response is requested. 

I also do not create false urgency. If I give a deadline for a response, I do so for a reason. If you are unable to meet the deadline, I expect you to let me know. That is simple, preofessional courtesy. Depending on the circumstances, I may be able to offer some relief. 

I should not have to remind, nag, badger or cajole you into performing tasks that are part of your duties as a WGL. My time is valuable too and it is not a good value for me to spend my time reminding you to, in essence, do your job. We are all professionals. As professionals, "I forgot" is not an acceptable excuse. Put a recurring reminder on your Outlook calendar to remind yourself to get your recurring tasks, like Progress Tracking, done each week.

Your responsibilities do not end when you are on vacation. You are still responsible for things like weekly Progress Tracking getting done when you are not here. Assign a delegate to perform the task while you are out.

I have had the pleasure of being in a teaching/training role at many times in my career. I can say without qualification that I enjoy helping others learn something new. You should not hesitate to ask me for assistance if you are unsure about something that I request or that is in my wheelhouse. I am happy to help and will make time to do so. This is part of my job.
