* Lesson Learned - don't engage CSYS until other discipline's work is advanced enough for them to be effective.
* Lesson Learned - insufficient time allotted to prepare PSE. Only 3 days.
* Lesson Learned - Manage & Coordinate budget was stripped from the project. Unclear if this was by client or Anvil management.
* Too many WBSs creates confusion about WP scope.
* A WBS Dictionary would be helpful to better define WP scope and communicate the scope to the team.
* More time is needed during estimating to allocate budget properly and document assumptions.
* Don't earn outside of packages where you are burning. Skews the earned values.
* We probably should have done inter-work package budget transfers when needed early on. This would make things cleaner when work packages get cancelled.
* Lesson Learned - We need to better document our estimate assumptions (e.g. number of drawings.)
* Lesson Learned - Do not rely on future savings to offset short-term deficits. The later work may be cancelled; negating the savings.
* Lesson Learned - 4-6 weeks prior to a release date, begin weekly polling of disciplines for status (Red/Yellow/Green) wrt to meeting date. If Yellow, identify risks. If Red, identify stoppers. Watch out for "story" vs. status.
* Lesson Learned - Kent - IPDMS/PSR is a tool for the team. It is not limited to Procurement. All groups need to be familiar with the use of the tool (or whatever replaces it.) There is a need for training here.
* Lesson Learned - Brent - Incomplete PSR. Even after several requests, there were still items found to be missing from the PSR.
* Lesson Learned - Mirek - There were multiple revisions to structural details at the request of the module fabricators. Need to identify these as change after 1 revision.
* Lesson Learned - Tom/Anna - Training on Project Controls tools. Maybe using the Safety Training model.
* Lesson Learned - Brent - WBS was too granular.
* Lesson Learned - Should work packages be broken up by disciplines?
* Lesson Learned - Disciplines, especially leads, need to be trained in the use of Project Controls tools, especially Progress Tracker.
* Lesson Learned/Best Practice - Re-evaluate/re-estimate the project at 40 and 70% complete.
