NDS-1 Schedule Update Checklist

* [ ] Open project
* [ ] Set filter to "In Progress"
* [ ] Turn on Spotlight.
* [ ] Adjust ending spotlight date to the Data Date.
* [ ] Review IPDMS Exception Report and adjust Finish dates as needed to align schedule with IPDMS
* [ ] Adjust activity Finish dates to align with input from the Schedule Update Workbook
        * [ ] CSYS
        * [ ] ELEC
        * [ ] EQUI
        * [ ] HVAC
        * [ ] PIPE
        * [ ] STRU
* [ ] When all finish dates are as indicated on the mark-up, save a "Pre_DD_Move" baseline.
* [ ] Actualize activities as needed.
* [ ] Update percent completes using the [[Percent Complete and Remaining Units Update Process]]
* [ ] Assign the "Pre_DD_Move" baseline as the Project and User Primary baseline.
* [ ] Move the data date and schedule the project.
* [ ] Adjust activity durations to bring finish dates back to their desired values (there should be zero BL Variance.)
* [ ] Referring to the marked up Spotlight printout, adjust durations to align activity end dates with mark-ups.
        * [ ] Set the following activities to LoE and Reschedule to update end dates:
              * [ ] ANV.442.010.PMAC.005	Discipline Coordination	
              * [ ] ANV.442.010.PMAC.015	PMAC Coordination	
              * [ ] ANV.442.010.PMAC.025	Procurement Coordination
        * [ ] Reset the above activities to Task Dependent
* [ ] Verify that the schedule log is clean. Resolve any issues.
* [ ] Re-assign the official project baseline (CN31 IFA Rev 2)
* [ ] Save an update baseline.
* [ ] Create a copy of the project. Include the IFR BL when copying.
* [ ] Delete the Module Fabrication WBS.
* [ ] Export XER for Transmittal to Caelus. 
* [ ] Back in the master schedule:
        * [ ] PDF Schedule w/o Module Fabrication WBS.
        * [ ] PDF IFF Milestone Layout for Don Redick.
                * [ ] Set Project Baseline to IFR BL
                * [ ] Set Primary BL to Last Update BL
                * [ ] Set Secondary BL to IFA BL.
* [ ] Document any newly added or deleted activities in a memo to Diane to accompany the report.
* [ ] Update .REM file if needed
* [ ] Print WBP Milestone for Remind Layout
