The more I learn, the less I understand - Socrates
When my mood gets too hot and I find myself wandering beyond control I pull out my motor-bike and hurl it top-speed through these unfit roads for hour after hour. - T.E. Lawrence
Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more; - Shakespeare, Henry V
It is the mark of an educated mind to rest satisfied with the degree of precision which the nature of the subject admits and not to seek exactness where only an approximation is possible — Aristotle (384 B.C - 322 B.C.)
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time. - Leonard Bernstein
Progress is man's ability to complicate simplicity. - Thor Heyerdahl
Fortune favors the bold - Virgil
Hofstadter’s Law: “Everything takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter’s Law.”
A job will always take twice the estimated time, raised to the next higher customary time unit. E.g., if I estimate that a job will take one hour, it will actually take two days
To delight in war is a merit in the soldier, a dangerous quality in the captain, and a positive crime in the statesman. -George Santayana, philosopher (1863-1952)
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't. - Bill Nye
Quantity has a quality all it's own. - Josef Stalin
Parkinson's Law - a task will swell in (perceived) importance and complexity in relation to the time allotted for its completion.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
- Ernest Hemingway
To be present, this is love.
John Lithgow - "Time sneaks up on you like a windshield on a bug."
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
Be Seen, Not Herd.
Loud Pipes Make Noise.
"It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one." - George Washington
“I have done my share, it is time to go. I will do it elegantly.” - Albert Einstein
"Change is the end result of all true learning." - Leo Buscaglia
"All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific."
“If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.” - Mark Twain’s Notebook, 1894
I am eagerly awaiting my next disappointment. —Ashleigh Brilliant
Every man’s memory is his private literature. —Aldous Huxley
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. —John Lennon
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. —Confucius
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the
present moment. —Buddha
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of
your freedom to choose. —Thornton Wilder
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." - Carl Sagan 
