Schedule Update Narrative

During this period Anvil developed a revised engineering schedule in consultation with the client Project Leaders. This schedule was issued for approval on 11/21 and was approved by the client on 11/24. This schedule establishes the baseline dates for the remaining engineering work packages.

In addition, new material on-site dates for each fabricated module were established and set in IPDMS.

= Critical Path Statement =

The overall project critical path is through Work Package 17 (On Pad Piling), fabrication and installation of the VSMs. The VSMs currently have 5 days of float.

The engineering critical path goes through placement of orders and receipt of VDDR for a number of key items. See below for specific concerns.

= Points of Concern in the Schedule. =

Following are listed in order of criticality from highest to lowest.

== WP0013 - Control Room / Utility Module (includes Communications Mast) ==

Anvil's scope for this module is not fully defined. The release date for this work package is at risk if Anvil's scope expands from our current understanding.

== WP0008 - Chemical Injection Module ==

The PO for the Blowdown Liquids Pump is delayed due to T&C issues between the client and the vendor. While not yet driving a delay in the work package, if the PO issue is delayed beyond 12/15, there will be impact to the work package issue date.

Change of vendor for N2 Generation System - The Atlas Copco nitrogen generation system has been disqualified for technical and scheduling reasons. Anvil is reviewing an alternative vendor's quote. While there may be some delay in placing the PO for this equipment, the vendor under consideration has indicated a shorter lead time for VDDR. No impact to the work package issue date is expected.

== WP0007 - E&I Module ==

The quotes for the 480V MCC arrived and were found to not fully address the scope. While not yet on the critical path for the work package continued delay could become an issue.

== WP0010 ESD & Meter Module ==

VDDR for the 3 Phase Meter was expected last week and was not received. While not yet a critical path item, a prolonged delay could become an issue.

